>> Kyle Simpson: I've talked badly enough
I think at this point about inheritance,
and class-oriented design and
why I don't think it's good.
I wanna to move towards
something that's better,
I wanna clear up some
misconceptions about it.
So, in a traditional classical inheritance
system, we have apparent class.
And we copy down to the instances and we
copy to the child and copy to instances.
So the arrows go from left to right and
top to bottom, these are copy operations.
In JavaScript,
regardless of what syntax you use,
what we actually have is that an object,
and then another object, and another one,
and another one, and another one,
and another one, and all of those.
The linkage goes from right to left and
bottom to top.
This is not a slight nuanced difference,
this is a completely, my God,
entirely different system.
And its a really powerful system that
we are not fully taking advantage of.
There's a different designed pattern here
that we have been completely missing
out on, there's another design pattern.
So what I really wanna do is were gonna
finish out by talking to you about
the different designed pattern
that simplifies what we do, and
gives us more power.
And that design pattern is
called Behavior Delegation.
So, that will be our last topic of
discussion, Behavior Delegation.
What I mean by delegation
is back to this example,
when I say a1.speak,
a1 doesn't have a speak method.
But we delegate from a1 to another object
so that that method call can happen.
It just happens to be a weirdly
name Foo prototype here, but
delegation is an object-oriented concept.
Is not a class concept
is an object concept.